here is the knife
made drill based on
traditional Russian knife for shoe
why was the knife called shoemaker because
that he was attached to the boot is not in his boot
but behind the boot on the saddle, but do not suggest
that is, this knife and you simple
peasants commoners he was
not available
this knife was owned only by people with good
wealth maruti
there were such and very many now
let's see how he cuts paper
traditional test
This office paper A4 Che you on
she rolls the scheme was a couple
headquarters at the headquarters we cut off now I
I will try to leave the chips visible
let's see what we can do with newspapers
newspapers cut on new people and because
that paper is very thin
cast turns
colleague whether they can pertly for centuries
either the first time is not very
rarity
fine
walk a little more
now try now is the time of hours
five
on the street I was unable to take pictures of it
because it's simple dark
under the lamp certainly does not publish here
Slaves of paper cut here such a knife
we succeeded
let it go
some kind of husband and drill
steel drill was r18
doing satin then doing the longitudinal
the reflection of his straight there so clear
probably will not
will be seen
garda brass it
spacer rock whose rock do not know in aspen
sternum if someone changes their wives or
husband come please stones me horn
necessary
so here's a brass spacer too
to this beech ending we are soaking up
the lowest here got a little pore
I show how to be cunning I am not going
here is the junction between the blade and the guard
the knife was made from a photograph
specify hurricane now
yes the original name of the knife is snowflake
I will not change anything this
man of deed he tried so what new
invent anything not on the photos he
had seen
yes that's probably all